widgets/frigate-stats-by-Pimer0/README.md, before:

![](preview.png)

## Getting alerts and detections from the last 24 hours from your Frigate service

This widget displays the total number of alerts and detections recorded by your Frigate instance during the last 24 hours.

Click on the widget to navigate directly to your Frigate web UI.

### Required environment variable:
- `FRIGATE_URL` = Your Frigate server URL (without http/https prefix)

### Installation

Add the following configuration to your `home.yml` file:

```yaml
- type: custom-api
          title: Frigate
          url: https://${FRIGATE_URL}/api/review/summary
          allow-insecure: true
          skip-tls-verify: true
          cache: 30s
          template: |
            <div style="padding: 1rem;">
              <ul style="list-style: none; padding: 0; margin: 0; gap: 10px;">
                <li>
                  <div style="padding-bottom: 1rem;">
                    <a style="color: var(--color-primary); font-weight: bold; text-decoration: none;" href="https://${FRIGATE_URL}" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer" title="Frigate Dashboard">Last 24 Hours Activity</a>
                    <p style="margin: 5px 0 0 0; font-size: 0.8rem; color: var(--color-text-muted);">Click to go to Frigate UI</p>
                  </div>
                  <ul style="list-style: none; padding: 0; margin: 0; gap: 10px;">
                    <li style="display: flex; gap: 1rem; margin-bottom: 8px;">
                      <span style="color: var(--color-negative); font-weight: 500;">Alerts:</span>
                      <span style="color: var(--color-text-base);">{{ .JSON.Int "last24Hours.total_alert" }}</span>
                    </li>
                    <li style="display: flex; gap: 1rem;">
                      <span style="color: var(--color-negative); font-weight: 500;">Detections:</span>
                      <span style="color: var(--color-text-base);">{{ .JSON.Int "last24Hours.total_detection" }}</span>
                    </li>
                  </ul>
                </li>
              </ul>
            </div>
```

> [!WARNING]  
> If you're using self-signed TLS certificates with Glance, make sure to include these lines in your `docker-compose.yml`:
```yaml
    volumes:
      - ./config:/app/config
      - ./assets:/app/assets
      - /var/run/docker.sock:/var/run/docker.sock
      - /your/path/to/rootCA.pem:/usr/local/share/ca-certificates/rootCA.crt:ro
    environment:
      - SSL_CERT_FILE=/your/path/to/rootCA.crt
    env_file: .env
```

Commit message:

add authentication option to the frigate widget

widgets/frigate-stats-by-Pimer0/README.md, after:

![](preview.png)

## Getting alerts and detections from the last 24 hours from your Frigate service

This widget displays the total number of alerts and detections recorded by your Frigate instance during the last 24 hours.

Click on the widget to navigate directly to your Frigate web UI.

### Required environment variable:
- `FRIGATE_URL` = Your Frigate server URL (without http/https prefix)

### Authentication:
If you need to authenticate to frigate, add these lines to the widget configuration:
```yaml
headers:
  Cookie: frigate_token=${FRIGATE_TOKEN}
```
And set the following environment variable:
- `FRIGATE_TOKEN` = Your Frigate authentication token.

#### How to generate the token
1. Find your jwt secret, it should be in the `.jwt_secret` file in the frigate config directory by default.
2. Go to https://jwt.io/, and navigate to the **JWT Encoder** page.
3. In the `Header: Algorithm & Token Type` field, make sure "alg" is set to "HS256".
4. In the `Payload: Data` field, edit it to (Change "admin" to your Frigate account name):
   ```json
   {
   "sub": "admin",
   "exp": 4102444799
   }
   ```
   You can also change the expiration date, the default option above is set to 2099-12-31
5. In `Sign JWT: Secret` field, paste in your jwt secret.
6. Copy the newly generated token from the right side. You can use this token to authenticate to frigate.

### Installation

Add the following configuration to your `home.yml` file:

```yaml
- type: custom-api
          title: Frigate
          url: https://${FRIGATE_URL}/api/review/summary
          allow-insecure: true
          skip-tls-verify: true
          cache: 30s
          template: |
            <div style="padding: 1rem;">
              <ul style="list-style: none; padding: 0; margin: 0; gap: 10px;">
                <li>
                  <div style="padding-bottom: 1rem;">
                    <a style="color: var(--color-primary); font-weight: bold; text-decoration: none;" href="https://${FRIGATE_URL}" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer" title="Frigate Dashboard">Last 24 Hours Activity</a>
                    <p style="margin: 5px 0 0 0; font-size: 0.8rem; color: var(--color-text-muted);">Click to go to Frigate UI</p>
                  </div>
                  <ul style="list-style: none; padding: 0; margin: 0; gap: 10px;">
                    <li style="display: flex; gap: 1rem; margin-bottom: 8px;">
                      <span style="color: var(--color-negative); font-weight: 500;">Alerts:</span>
                      <span style="color: var(--color-text-base);">{{ .JSON.Int "last24Hours.total_alert" }}</span>
                    </li>
                    <li style="display: flex; gap: 1rem;">
                      <span style="color: var(--color-negative); font-weight: 500;">Detections:</span>
                      <span style="color: var(--color-text-base);">{{ .JSON.Int "last24Hours.total_detection" }}</span>
                    </li>
                  </ul>
                </li>
              </ul>
            </div>
```

> [!WARNING]  
> If you're using self-signed TLS certificates with Glance, make sure to include these lines in your `docker-compose.yml`:
```yaml
    volumes:
      - ./config:/app/config
      - ./assets:/app/assets
      - /var/run/docker.sock:/var/run/docker.sock
      - /your/path/to/rootCA.pem:/usr/local/share/ca-certificates/rootCA.crt:ro
    environment:
      - SSL_CERT_FILE=/your/path/to/rootCA.crt
    env_file: .env
```
